[docs] update terminating gateway docs for trust store path (#13432)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/connect/terminating-gateways.mdx

spec:
  services:
    - name: example-https
      caFile: /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

> ~> If TLS is enabled a `caFile` must be provided, it must point to the system trust store of the terminating gateway container (`/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt`).
> 
> ~> If TLS is enabled and you are using Consul Helm chart 0.43 or older, or an Envoy image with an alpine base
> image, use the following location for the ca certificate file `caFile: /etc/ssl/cert.pem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If TLS is enabled, you must include the `caFile` parameter  that points to the system trust store of the terminating gateway container. By default, the trust store is located in the `/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt` directory.

Configure the `caFile` parameter to point to the `/etc/ssl/cert.pem` directory if TLS is enabled and you are using one of the following components:
 * Consul Helm chart 0.43 or older 
 * Or an Envoy image with an alpine base image
```
I don't think these need to be in callout boxes. They seem to be directly related to the topic being described. 
I also thought the second paragraph might be easier to parse as a list, but feel free to ignore that suggestion.

Reviewer 2: I agree would be good to call this out in a regular paragraph instead of a callout box.
